okay hello again everyone you have
requested to see how you can get the
playlist into the good player from the
photo box so I started a good player and
I go down here on this arrow tapping and
then I'm going to the downloader and
browser okay so going from there and I
will just enter the address for the so
two box so to box.com go okay sorry
again through to box.com as you can see
it is going automatically to the mobile
version so you press on your profile you
go on a channel on a playlist actually
and as you can see here it's export to
m3w
file all streams so I press this one and
here it appears download download
completed right then I go just back good
player on the top and then you have such
two folders or are also shared servers
or local files I go on a download and as
you can see there is the food foot box
channel Central starting there and as
you can see again there are a lot of
choices so let's see if one garage have
started and as usual it takes some time
really to get this loaded in a matter of
fact I have tried this in a friend of
mine where he has a better internet and
everything runs much more faster than
than here as I have only 12 megabits but
anyways it is - okay so clicking setup
times on the top and here we have it so
that's an overview from yesterday and it
is a bit choppy at home but it's still
fine hope that this is helpful for you